[Docs] Add accordion documentation (#289)
nordcloud/GNUI: src/components/accordion/Accordion.stories.mdx

# Accordion

> > You can build an accordion using a combination of the `Accordion`, `AccordionHeader` and `AccordionItem` components. The Accordion components accepts a list of AccordionHeader components as children and each AccordionHeader accepts a list of AccordionItem is responsible for displaying the content.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> You can build an accordion using a combination of the `Accordion`, `AccordionHeader` and `AccordionItem` components. The Accordion component accepts a list of AccordionHeader components as children and each AccordionHeader accepts a list of AccordionItems that are responsible for displaying content.
```

## Accordion properties

| properties | required | type                       | description |
| ---------: | :------: | :------------------------- | :---------- |
|   children |   true   | AccordionHeader components |             |

<Preview>
  <Story name="accordion">
    <Accordion>
      <AccordionHeader title="Header 1" description="description..." />
      <AccordionHeader title="Header 2" description="description..." />
    </Accordion>
  </Story>
</Preview>

# AccordionHeader

## AccordionHeader properties

|  properties | required | type                     | description |
| ----------: | :------: | :----------------------- | :---------- |
|       title |   true   | string                   |             |
| description |  false   | string                   |             |
|    children |  false   | AccordionItem components |             |

# AccordionItem

## AccordionItem properties

| properties | required | type                 | description |
| ---------: | :------: | :------------------- | :---------- |

> |   children |   true   | string, number, any  |             |

Reviewer: no need to provide any additional types when we accept 'any' xd
```suggestion
|   children |   true   |  any  |             |
```
